feat: expose storage options in LanceDB (#1204)
lancedb/lancedb: docs/src/guides/storage.md

    const db = await lancedb.connect("az://bucket/path");
    ```

In most cases, when running in the respective cloud and permissions are set up correctly, no additional configuration is required. When running outside of the respective cloud, authentication credentials must be provided. Credentials and other configuration options can be set in two ways: first, by setting environment variables. And second, by passing a `storage_options` object to the `connect` function. For example, to increase the request timeout to 60 seconds, you can set the `TIMEOUT` environment variable to `60s`:

```bash
export TIMEOUT=60s
```

!!! note "`storage_options` availability"

    The `storage_options` parameter is only available in Python *async* API and JavaScript API.
    It is not yet supported in the Python synchronous API.

> If you only want this to apply to one particular connection, you can pass the `storage_options` object to the `connect` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only want this to apply to one particular connection, you can pass the `storage_options` object when
opening a connection:
```
One method is named `connect` and the other is `connect_async` so maybe better to avoid the method name entirely (it's in the example).

| `connect_timeout`          | Timeout for only the connect phase of a Client. Default: `5s`.                                    |
| `timeout`                  | Timeout for the entire request, from connection until the response body has finished. Default: `30s`. |
| `user_agent`               | User agent string to use in requests.                                                             |
| `proxy_url`                | URL of a proxy server to use for requests. Default: `None`.                                       |
| `proxy_ca_certificate`     | PEM-formatted CA certificate for proxy connections.                                                |
| `proxy_excludes`           | List of hosts that bypass the proxy. This is a comma-separated list of domains and IP masks. Any subdomain of the provided domain will be bypassed. For example, `example.com, 192.168.1.0/24` would bypass `https://api.example.com`, `https://www.example.com`, and any IP in the range `192.168.1.0/24`. |

### AWS S3

To configure credentials for AWS S3, you can use the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` keys.

> These can be set as environment variables or passed in the `storage_options` parameter:

Reviewer: is `region` mandatory?  Or is that only when using an s3-compatible store?

Author: It used to be, but with the latest version of Lance we added automatic bucket region resolution. It's still required for s3-compatible ones, though.

        }
    )
    ```

=== "JavaScript"

    ```javascript
    const lancedb = require("lancedb");
    const db = await lancedb.connect(
        "gs://my-bucket/my-database",
        {
            storageOptions: {
                serviceAccount: "path/to/service-account.json",
            }
        }
    );
    ```

!!! info "HTTP/2 support"

    By default, GCS uses HTTP/1 for communication, as opposed to HTTP/2. This improves maximum throughput significantly. However, if you wish to use HTTP/2 for some reason, you can set the environment variable `HTTP1_ONLY` to `false`.

The following keys can be used as both environment variables or keys in the `storage_options` parameter:
<!-- source: https://docs.rs/object_store/latest/object_store/gcp/enum.GoogleConfigKey.html -->

| Key                                   | Description                                  |
|---------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| ``google_service_account``            | Path to the service account JSON file.       |
| ``google_service_account_key``        | The serialized service account key.          |

> | ``google_application_credentials``    | Path to the application credentials.         |

Reviewer: Should we mention here that `google_service_account` and `service_account` are the same thing?
